Hello, freak bitches. Exactly. Boy, it sounds good. Doesn't it? God,
I wanna believe so hard.
Well, I, uh, I hope you do because there's gonna be,
there's gonna be a lot of stuff on that. Well, I.
Wanna know what you've seen though. So you've seen this piece of metal.
What else have you seen?
I've seen, uh, many, many documents on the,
of these things and, um, I've seen, uh,
a lot of the science associated with what the technology is and what it does.
Like, uh, I could show you if I fold up pieces of paper and stuff,
what's going on with it, but basically, uh, you know, these craft,
you know, when you, when you tr they in a straight line,
but they're folding space time, like in.
Event horizon,
where they explain it by folding a piece of paper and punching a pencil through
it. Do you ever see that movie? Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of like that.
Movie, but it's more like, um, you know, here I can draw it for you here.
Not that this is a, it's kind of like when you have two points, um,
you know, we're used to traveling in a direction like that.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and so when we look up, we see a plane that goes straight,
right. But these, these UFOs, uh, fold space,
time like this. Uh, and so it looks like to them,
they're going in a straight line. So if you're in the ship,
you see that mm-hmm <affirmative>. But if you're on the ground, you see that.
Oh, okay. That's why you see them blink off. And on a lot of those videos,
they're on, they looks like they're jumping. It's just because of this.
So folding space.
Time, some way of interfacing with space itself,
that's very different than our idea of traveling in a linear way.
From point a to point B space.
The fabric, they call it the fabric of space time,
because it's like a fabric gets malleable.
Now let me ask you this. How often into a conversation,
do people look at you and think you are crazy when you start talking about this
and how the time? Yeah. All the time. Right.
But do you ever get to the point where you're like,
I don't wanna talk about this? No, because.
It's, it's you, I always tell you don't know what I know. You know?
And there's a lot. I, no, no, no. I mean.
Like, do you ever get to the point where you're like, I can't do this anymore?
No people think I'm crazy.
No, because I'm involved on the most important I've ever been in my life.
Do you think this is like the most important thing that you've ever done in your
life? Oh.
Yeah. Like I, I have meetings with senators coming up, like, do you, oh. Yeah.
What senators? I can't tell you.
Is all this. I can't tell you stuff. I.
Know because this is some.
Tricky is. When is all this gonna come out? Like, it seems like this is like,
uh, ENT eminent, rather disclosure type. Right.
Watch what my company does. That's what I'll.
Say. So what is your company like? What do you, what are you trying to do? Well.
We create it. So if you look at the people involved, uh,
we have senior high. When you get to the senior levels of government,
you're either called an SES or SIS, senior intelligence service,
senior executive service, or you're bra, but either way,
the civilians have the same kind of ranking charter that, that the bras does.
So a SES three SAS three, three would be the same thing as a three star general.
So I that's that's who these people are around me.
So I had the head of the skunk works engineering. Um, I got, you know,
SIS two star from the clandestine directorate of operations. I have a guy,
uh, under secretary of intelligence for the Senate intelligence committee.
And was these guys are retired. The quasi retired, quasi retired qua. Well,
they all, they all left. They are, are current public life.
They now are of what you're doing the.
Way they are current consultants to the interna, uh, the intelligence community.
Okay. That's uh.
Probably the most and involved in this project with clearance.
They, they all have their top secret S Ts S C I clearances. Yeah.
I'm the only one that does it on my entire team. I'm the only one that does it.
Actually, Lou, that just came out. I hire him away. So he was head of all.
Uh, God, I can't. He was in charge of all classified,
uh, operations for secretary of defense, Matt. So he was,
what's called a GS 15, right underneath the one, two and three stars.
He ran the advanced aerial thought program and it still continuing to this day
and he's with us now. So.
The advanced aerial threat program under the United States government is
essentially a UFO.
That's one of the many information gathering and assessment assessment of.
All of the,
of what those machines are doing that gives off all these types of
effects that people are witnessing.
But there's also a very large group of people that have had within government
that have had close contact, like hundreds, and it's connected to my group.
And there's just more coming in that way. So that,
that program is trying to figure out what those technologies did
to those people and how those technologies work.
Even though, and it's more satellite, it's more about tasking, you know,
our assets like satellites and other things,
to be able to find these things better. But, um,
this is different than the secret machines book,
which is more of another thing.
Together.
So is there communication between the United States government in alien life
forms?
I, I personally, I mean, I don't know any of this stuff, uh,
cuz I'm not invited to those types of meetings, but I personally, uh,
wouldn't doubt.
It. Yeah. You wouldn't doubt it,
but they've never alluded to it or discussed it with you in any way.
Not the, not this.
Group of people. No. Is there any speculation as to what they're doing?
Resource extraction.
Resource extraction, like our like minerals empire.
I tell people the, no, I, I think it's geez. I think it's tacos.
<laugh> they're here water. I think, you know,
they're here for the same reason I am, but uh, um,
I tell people like a good way to look at this is like,
look at Syria and Syria's and chaos because the United States and Russia are how
having a proxy war there. Mm-hmm <affirmative> now look at the earth.
It's the exact same thing. Different races are coming here. And uh,
and they're trying to win and against there's than.
One. Yeah.
Yeah. Many different ones universe we're talking about.
I don't,
but there's a bunch of different creatures and they all have the same sort of
technology. Yeah.
And some are very human. Some are looked just like you and I really, absolutely.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Now is there any sort of speculation as to why life forms from other planets,
other galaxies, other solar systems, different kind of gravity,
different environments would create life form that's exactly similar to us or
are,
are they imitating what we look like in order to infiltrate our world and hang
with us? I think.
Probably all of unknowingly. I think all the above. I mean, look,
if you look at, if you look at like Syria,
are you just gonna say it's only Russia and America there? No,
China's probably there. France is probably there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
you know, um, I, I personally think the little,
the little aliens with the big black eyes, those are Androids,
they're biological robots. They're just programmed.
There's no different than us cloning sheep.
They just clone a being that can travel through space. Cuz.
Space is or some sort of an artificial intelligence thing that doesn't have a
life form. Right? Yeah.
I've heard that idea before and it kind of kind of makes sense a little bit,
right? I mean, if, if you are a living thing and you're traveling through space,
obviously you have biological limitations in terms of the need for oxygen and
gravitational interactions and all these different things that, well,
one of the scary.
Hallmarks of those ones, the,
the rumor is it in the back of their head as a transmitter.
So you gotta wonder where it's sending it, but at the same time, you know,
I can tell you that when you look at the Bible, uh,
the angels and the demons of the Bible would be the humans and the Androids that
I just told you about. So.
You think the grays of the Androids, right?
And so you think they're like some sort of devil? No. I just.
Think that that's how we characterized it because they come in control your
thoughts, control your body. Take you, take us.
In the middle of the night. Yeah, yeah. Demons, you know? Um,
so do you think these things are traveling from where do we have any idea?
There's.
Things that have been put out there, but I've never asked. Why.
Would you not ask that? What.
The are you gonna tell me? Star system like 4 83 and I'll well, you.
Know about element one 15.
I would wanna know about Starship enterprise coordinate one 15,
B five Polaris, wherever the it is. Um, yeah.
I.
Don't know. I don't know. I do know that there's col there's connections to, um,
man, you won't even believe it. I'll tell you that. You wanna hear it please?
Atlantas Atlantas the sunken city. Yeah. There's a connection.
There's a connection. What's.
The connection that,
there's a very advanced group that left after a catastrophe and hung around in a
small outpost here and, and throughout time would push civilization forward.
And that's who the Greek gods were. Whoa. Yep.
And that's why it's very interesting.
When the Roswell records there's Greek writing is there, there is.
I've never seen any of the records from Roswell view. It's online.
You see it type in Roswell record. You can see it. Well type.
In I've ever seen is the dude standing in front of the,
the weather balloon stuff, or the laughing, yucking it up. Roswell.
Wreck Roswell. I beam you'll see it. And uh,
and it's got these Greek markings as far. And the witnesses that were there did,
um, did, uh, what do they call it? Uh, where they go on, uh,
on oath. Tell so that actual I beam showing the word
<inaudible>, which means freedom in ancient Greek.
So where is that from? Jamie? Let me tell you when know, I don't know.
It popped up when it, when, well I'm gonna tell you something else.
So I went and met, um,
a former director of CIA and NSA. He was director of both.
I won't tell you his name and right when I sat down and told him about my book,
pull that picture up again, look those little hands.
And right when I sat down and told him about my, you gotta, this is a big deal.
I'm so I'm sitting with this guy. He was like,
not that long ago was director of CIA. And he went on to be director of NSA.
Okay. Okay. Well I think we can find his name maybe, but, uh,
right when I sat down and told him about the book,
you know what he says to me what he goes,
I didn't read much science fiction as a kid,
but I read a lot about Greek mythology and looked me in the eye. I said, well,
you're gonna, I love the last page of my book, then he's all am I? And uh, um,
when my book was about ready to go to pressing,
I had a very important person call me up. He says,
can you stop that pressing and maybe insert something about Greek mythology?
And I said, I sure can.
So what something you gotta realize is for example,
the sixth against defense contractor in the world,
at least there used to be six is a company called science applications,
international corporation S AIC, their headquarters are actually in San Diego.
And in the front of the building, you have a, um,
an ABL coming out of a fake lake and two, um,
Atlantian on Thrones. And they're both holding pyramids.
And one says the past and one says the future it's in their eight foot tall
statues. It's nuts. By the way, in S AIC,
they just, they went over. Toledos Michael Hayden,
former director of NSA in the CIA. What about it? No, that's not him,
but I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna tell you if you try and find out,
can you guys fishing around over here? Interesting. I'll say a name you blink.
Yeah. I'll show you my no pun intended what you did there. That was cute.
I'll show you my Dick. Like's oh, wait, there we go. If you,
if you come right or bro not sure what yeah, whatever you get,
I'm gonna show you my Dick. <laugh> right.